[Music]
ladies and gentlemen please take your
seats the train leaves in a few minutes
all the sears off please exit the car
you may wave to your loved ones from the
platform we hope you'll enjoy the trip
drinks and snacks will be served soon
get ready to travel through time our
next stop is a medieval monastery in
Modena imagine traveling on a train that
is actually a time machine that would
never bring you back the 106 passengers
and crew of the Zanetti train probably
would have thought twice before they
embarked on their adventure had they
known that just like the passengers of
the Titanic which set off for its first
and last cruise almost a year later they
never reached their destination the
difference though is that no one knows
what happened to the Train on July 14th
1911 the rail companies in Eddie offered
well off Italians a free trial ride on
their new train the passengers were
enjoying their ride watching scenic
views along the way making small talk
and enjoying their refreshments one of
the sights they were looking forward to
was a new tunnel that went through a
mountain it was one of the longest ever
built at the time and that's where the
mystery begins the Train entered the
half mile long tunnel in Lombardy
Mountain and never came out just
disappeared after the incident the
railway workers and police searched
every square foot of it but found no
trace of the Train the tunnel itself was
just a long tube there was nowhere to go
but to the other side yet there was
neither a train nor any signs of a crash
there however there were two passengers
found who jumped off the train just
before it vanished into the tunnel later
when they came to they were able to tell
the story of their eerie trip
as the train approached the tunnel black
smoke came out of nowhere as well as a
dense white fog the train slowed down as
it was nearing the entrance and the fog
began to envelop it the men panicked and
jumped to the ground before the train
was gone one of the survivors told an
Italian newspaper about the incident I
heard an unclear humming sound beyond
the black smoke I could see a milky
white fog creeping from the tunnel it
literally swallowed the Train like a
wave and with it the first car of our
ill-fated train split open it became so
horrifying the train was barely moving
so I jumped from the car and my eyes
quite another passenger who jumped at
the same time we both hit the ground
hard and that is the last thing I
remember the injured men suffered from
sleeping troubles and other stress
disorders for a while as for the Train
it was never seen again word spread
about the tunnel and officials thought
it was best to close it then the
notorious tunnel happened to get bombed
during World War two
closing it off forever no one could come
up with a sound explanation for this
strange disappearance dozens had
witnessed the train leaving the station
in Rome and entering the tunnel but
nobody saw it come out but that's not
the last time we'd hear about the
mysterious train there are records of
medieval monks from Modena who saw a
three-car train with people in it how
could they conceive a huge iron machine
puffing clouds of black smoke a horse
was the fastest means of transport at
the time railroads hadn't been invented
yet well they thought it along with the
passengers who they described were
clean-shaven and dressed in black all
must be the work of some evil forces you
can say that medieval monks made it up
but here's the thing their report was
kept in the records of Costas Illya
stored by the Sugino family and one of
the survivors of the train had the name
suggests
then in the 1840s there's a report that
the Zanetti passengers were seen in
Mexico a psychiatrist in a local
hospital left notes saying that a group
of 104 Italians were all admitted in a
hysterical state they were all dressed
in strange clothes obviously from a
different place and claimed they were
traveling from Rome by a Zanetti train
one of the passengers actually had a
cigarette box with a future date of 1907
on it they say it is still kept in a
Mexican Museum the psychiatrist
concluded that it was a case of mass
insanity but he failed to come up with
any explanation for it there are no
records left of the patients after that
many years later the Train appeared
again in Europe on October 29th 1955 a
three car old-fashioned train appeared
not far from Seville Ichi a small
village in Ukraine the signalman poto
ustah menko saw it moving soundlessly he
reported that he had been on duty that
night and suddenly saw a train that
wasn't on the schedule the train was
heading without tracks the gas furred
Mountain he thought he was seeing things
and rubbed his eyes but there it was was
shut curtains open doors and an empty
driver's cabin justo menko had never
seen a train like that before but he
knew it was old definitely a pre-war
model the description he gave with the
same as that of the Zanetti it's
unlikely a signalman from a remote town
in the USSR would know anything about an
Italian train lost at the beginning of
the 20th century another interesting
note about this sighting is that at the
end of the 19th century there was an
Italian cemetery built on gas furred
Mountain near Sevastopol about 2,000
Italian soldiers who died during the
Crimean War were buried there later a
railroad from balaclava was constructed
over the former cemetery but then was
destroyed after the Revolution of 1917
because it was no longer used
was the ghost train riding on ghost
tracks to meet its Italian brethren I
guess we'll never know
and again this wasn't the last account
of the Train appearing as crazy as all
this sounds could there be a scientific
explanation of the ghost train
Adventures some believe all the
railroads in the world form a sort of
connected web that has its own magnetic
field the trains serve as electric
conductors between the Earth's natural
magnetic field and the artificial one
the conflict between the two forces
creates fractures in time with endless
holes this explanation is based on
Einstein's theory of relativity and
minkowski's definition of distance these
fractures are called chrono holes some
time before the Zanetti train left the
station
there had been an earthquake where the
tracks were it's believed the crust
fracture which appeared under Lombardi
Mountain created a time anomaly at the
entrance to the tunnel the Train became
the link necessary to dig through time
and space and it fell from its time
vector where it belonged and could move
to other times so in layman's terms it
was traveling through time in case
you're already getting goosebumps and
swearing off trains forever rest assured
that this isn't something you have to
worry about happening to you because
it's just an urban legend it got so
popular that some paranormal enthusiasts
devoted years to finding proof for the
Zanetti trains existence as time went on
more names and details were added to the
legend however if you try to look up the
rail companies in Eddie
castus olia the Zanjeer no family or a
signalman named Theo de Oeste menko
you'll only find links to different
versions of this legend ghosts and
trains make for great stories but there
has yet to be any evidence of a ghost
train ever existing but I don't think
that'll stop people from looking for
them or telling more stories about them
if you have the time you can find dozens
of stories about ghost trains to keep
you entertained
one of the most popular stories is a
play written by Arnold Ripley in 1923
the ghost train that was inspired by a
creepy night he spent at a remote
railway station hmm sounds like a pretty
good read now
do you know any other urban legends let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend but hey hey don't go
anywhere just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you need to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
have fun stay on the bright side of life